(Yuya)
Previously on
"Yu‐Gi‐Oh! Arc‐V."
What do you you say
we start up the final match
of the second round?
Let's duel!
Dear Celina.
It's imperative
you win this match.
I'll assist as best I can.
Patch me into
the course control grid
and be on standby.
I Synchro Summon!
Hi‐Speedroid Puzzle!
Now go!
Yugo's making his move.
If this attack connects,
Celina will be
completely defenseless.
Adjust course point
Delta five to Gamma ten.
(computer)
Course change initiated.
Aah!
Oh, man, this is
gonna be close!
Ha. How unexpected.
Roget's constant interfering
has made this duel
more entertaining!
I Fusion Summon!
Lunalight Panther Dancer
is on the prowl!
Attack Hi‐Speedroid Puzzle
and shred the rest of Yugo's
life points!
I Synchro Summon!
Clear Wing Synchro Dragon!
(roaring)
(whimpering)
Clear Wing Synchro Dragon?
Time to end this!
Here I go!
Showtime!
♪
♪ Hey, hey,
Can you feel the power? ♪
♪ You vs. me,
Competition for the victory ♪
♪ I could be the best one day
and make history ♪
♪ Swing into action ♪
♪ Are you ready
to play? ♪
♪ Challenge anyone,
anywhere, any day ♪
♪ You wanna take a chance? ♪
♪ Go 'head and roll
the dice ♪
♪ See if
it's in your cards ♪
♪ If you'll pay
the price ♪
♪ Activate the spell ♪
♪ Let your powers come
to life ♪
♪ It's showtime ♪
♪ Who will win the fight? ♪
♪ I'm ready to duel ♪
♪ Go 'head
and make your move ♪
♪ I'll win this duel,
you can't beat my moves ♪
♪ I'm in that groove,
I know I can't lose ♪
♪ Your turn, your tricks,
now what will you choose? ♪
♪ Can you feel the power? ♪
♪ I'll win this duel,
you can't beat my moves ♪
♪ I'm in that groove,
I know I can't lose ♪
♪ Your turn, your tricks,
now what will you choose? ♪
♪ Can you feel the power? ♪
♪
(Melissa, on P. A.)This has been
one hot humdinger of a duel!
Like when Yugo was about to grab
an Action Card
only to have the course change
on him at the last second!
But he came back
and summoned
his big ol' Clear Wing
Synchro Dragon
to get the upper hand
against Celina!
Question is, can he keep it?
Ha ha!
What a duel!
I mean, is this
the best or what, huh?
Hey, Rin, don't you agree?
My name's not Rin!
Oh, yeah! Sorry!
(Celina)
And another thing:
You think that dumb dragon's
gonna help you?
The toughest monster on the
field is still hanging with me,
although she's about to groove
on over and pay you a visit!
Now, Panther Dancer!
Attack Clear Wing!
Don't think so, Celina!
You may have a kitten
in your corner,
but I've got luck on my side!
I activate the trap
Dicetadium of Fate!
I roll one die, and if an even
number comes out,
Clear Wing Synchro Dragon gains
1,000 attack points!
But if I roll an odd number,
it gets destroyed.
So you're counting on chance to
save you again, huh?
Fine, then.
Go right ahead.
It all comes down to this.
Come on even!
Go!
It's a six!
Yugo did it!
Clear Wing's attack points
increase!
And my chances of winning
decreased.
(Melissa, on P. A.)
This makes Yugo's monster the
heaviest hitter on the field!
So when Panther Dancer
attacks, Celina takes
damage!
I thought Yugo was through.
But, boy, was I wrong.
What a duel!
It's been fun, but it's
about to get funner.
For me, that is.
(thinking)
Yugo's got
the upper hand now.
Yugo, you little pest.
When will you learn that you
will not walk away the victor?
Adjust course point X‐Ray Tango
44 to Gulf‐Gulf six.
(computer)
Course change initiated.
The course is changing again?
Uhh!
And it will lead Yugo down
a one‐way street to defeat.
(computer)
Course change initiated.
The course is changing again?
Uhh!
And it will lead Yugo down
a one‐way street to defeat.
(Melissa, on P. A.)Celina better
muster up a move right quick!
(Celina)
An action card.
(Melissa)
That Celina sure has got
scoopin' down pat!
Boy, every time
you get in a jam,
it seems as though the course
changes.
And so does my advantage!
Hey, it's cool!
It's just for someone who
doesn't count on luck,
you've had some lucky breaks!
I play my Action Card.
So get ready for...
Miracle!
Not only does it save my
Panther Dancer from being
destroyed,
it cuts the damage
I take in half.
Uhh!
Hmm. Excellent.
Well played.
I guess the duel goes on.
And goes on with Clear Wing's
points back to normal.
(Topsider)
Celina's dueling is quite
splendid!
You totally rock, Celina!
You're the bomb!
This duel's playin' out
like a game of hot
potata'.
First Celina
had the edge,
then Yugo yanked it away,
then Celina yanked it back,
then‐‐
Oh, I can't keep track!
Next, I place one card
face down and end my turn.
For now, that is.
You say I had some
lucky breaks, Yugo?
Well, you've had your share
as well.
That's true.
But yours are different.
Huh?
My luck's been random.
Your luck feels like there's
something more behind it.
(scoffs)
(Yugo)
But I'm not making excuses.
After all, I'm still
gonna win.
And win big!
I draw!
Here goes! Uhh!
All right!
I'm gonna summon...
Speedroid Pachingo‐Kart!
And it's gonna
drive you crazy
because it automatically
destroys one of your monsters.
Bye‐bye, Panther Dancer!
Afraid not.
Panther Dancer
can't be destroyed
by any special abilities.
You sure about that, Celina?
'Cause my dragon's got
a different opinion.
What?
Go do your thing, Clear Wing!
Hyah!
(roaring)
When a monster activates
its special ability,
Clear Wing Synchro Dragon not
only stops it,
but that monster is also
destroyed!
So heading straight to
the scrap heap is...
Pachingo‐Kart.
Why...
Why destroy my own monster?
Because now Clear wing gains
Pachingo‐Kart's
1,800 attack points,
that's why!
It has 4,300
attack points?
Yugo's not skipping
a beat.
He's got an answer for
everything Celina throws at him.
And now...
Here I go.
(both)
Clear Wing Synchro Dragon,
attack!
(roaring)
Adjust course point X‐Ray Gulf
21 to Bravo 11.
(computer)
Course change initiated.
Well, what do you know?
(thinking)
Could Yugo be right?
There, my dear.
You're set up.
Take this new path
and you'll find
that a useful Action Card is
waiting for you.
Huh?
What in tarnation?! Celina
didn't pick up the Action
Card,
so she couldn't do anything
to stop Yugo's attack.
Unbelievable.
What is she thinking?
I don't need luck to win,
random or otherwise.
(Yugo)
Are you out of your mind?
No one said you need it,
but if it's there, take it!
Dueling's all about
seizing the opportunity.
That's how I duel,
which is why after you passed
that Action Card, I grabbed it!
But of course you did.
Come on, it was
too good to pass up.
So I did it.
It doesn't matter,
I'll still beat you.
And I'll do it my way.
(Celina)
The right way.
With skills and strategy.
So good luck with
your Action Cards.
Luck's what you believe in
most, after all.
Oh, you're right about that,
but only partly.
Because luck is just one part
of what I really believe in.
Having fun in a duel!
(Melissa)
Oh, my! What a war
of words!
But I have a feeling
it'll be nothing
compared to the war of
monsters were about to see, duel
fans.
And who knows what other
surprises
might be just around
the bend!
♪
You made some good moves, Yugo,
but not as good as this.
I activate Lunalight
Reincarnation Dance,
and it's gonna shift things
my way!
'Cause it adds two Lunalight's
to my hand!
I see what you're doing.
You're planning to
Pendulum summon!
Right! And you should
plan to lose.
We'll see about that.
I'll end things with
a facedown!
And that means Clear Wing's
special ability ends
and its attack points
return to normal.
(Melissa, on P. A.)
What a round that was!
And this crowd can't seem
to get enough!
I never did hear a stadium
so full of
hootin' and hollerin'
duel fanatics
as this one right here!
And it seems split right down
the middle.
Half the crowd is cheering
for Celina,
while the other half
is rooting Yugo on!
But don't take my word
for it, just listen!
Celina!
Yugo!
(thinking)
Are they rooting for us?
I can't believe it.
This is unreal.
(crowd cheering)
(Melissa, on P. A.)
These fans won't quit!
And I'm sure not gonna
make 'em!
Otherwise they might start
yelling at me!
Just listen to 'em, Celina!
They want more!
So what do you say
we give 'em just that?!
You're on.
(thinking)
This is so great!
It's what dueling's
all about!
(thinking)
It's so weird.
All I cared about
was winning this duel.
But now, I'm actually
having a fun time.
Who would have thought?
Hey there, front row!
Having a good time?
(laughing)
Oh, wait.
Since when have I ever cared
about entertaining the crowd?
Oh, man, this is so
totally weird.
Yugo, let's wow the crowd.
Oh, yeah!
(all shouting)
Ha ha ha!
(Melissa, on P. A.)
Our duelists have made their
way out of the Duel Palace.
Let's see where the road
takes 'em!
It's my turn now,
and I'm gonna make it count,
'cause I'm setting
the Pendulum Scale
with Scale 1 Lunalight Wolf and
Scale 5 Lunalight Tiger!
I'm allowed to summon monsters
from Level 2 through 4
all at the same time!
So let's get to it.
First, I'm going to
Pendulum Summon
the dapper but dangerous
Lunalight Black Sheep!
And now the sweet yet strong,
Lunalight Purple Butterfly!
(Melissa, on P. A.)
In just two shakes
of a lamb's tail,
Celina summoned
two monsters!
I activate Lunalight Tiger's
pendulum ability!
I can summon a Lunalight Fusion
Monster from my graveyard!
So, dancing this way is...
Panther Dancer!
Thing is, she can't attack
and gets destroyed at
the end of this turn.
So if Panther Dancer's
not sticking around,
why bring her back?
You want to know why?
Watch and learn.
I activate Lunalight Wolf's
pendulum ability!
It lets me summon a new powerful
Lunalight monster
by banishing the monsters
on my field!
I fuse Panther Dancer, Black
Sheep and Purple Butterfly!
By combining the precision
of a panther,
the cunning covertness of a
stealthy beast
and the fluttering fury of a
nighttime huntress,
I can create a new
lunar legend!
I Fusion Summon!
The majestic, the mighty,
the masterful Lunalight
Leo Dancer!
With 3,500 attack points,
that dancer's got
all the right moves!
Whoa!
Brace yourself!
Lunalight Leo Dancer, take down
Clear Wing Synchro Dragon!
In that case, I play...
the Action Card Rejuvenation!
(thinking)
The one that I choose
to ignore.
Rejuvenation increases Clear
Wing Synchro Dragon's
attack points by 800!
And there's more!
Clear Wing can't be destroyed
during this battle!
Kinda strange that
I'm smiling.
Had I snatched that card,
I would've saved Panther Dancer
and a good chunk of
my life points.
So why are you?
'Cause this duel's
just that much fun.
(thinking)
Guess I never knew
duel's could be fun.
Aah!
(Melissa, on P. A.)
What a showdown!
This tussle's got more bite
than a rumba of
rattlesnakes!
Your Clear Wing may survive.
But your life points
still take a hit.
And Rejuvenation's effect
is now over.
So Clear Wing's attack points
return to normal.
And there's more bad news.
Leo Dancer's special ability
automatically destroys
your monster.
So say goodbye to Clear Wing!
Say what?!
That's right!
Your Clear Wing's clearly
no match for my Leo Dancer!
I wouldn't be so sure
about that.
I activate Clear Wing's special
ability once again!
It not only stops Leo Dancer's
special ability,
but it also destroys
your monster.
Two can play at that game!
Because Leo Dancer
isn't affected by your
special ability either!
So we're right back
where we started.
Your Clear Wing
will be destroyed.
We'll see!
Here goes!
I banish my Action Card
so that I can activate
Miracle Mirror!
(roaring)
Clear Wing can't be destroyed
for the entire turn!
Well, I still have one last
trick up my sleeve.
My Leo Dancer can attack twice
in one turn,
and it's double‐trouble
for you.
(Melissa, on P. A.)
Yugo's down to just
200 life points.
He is finished.
Yugo, no matter what happens
in this duel,
from here on out,
you're not the chump
I thought you were.
Let's see what you got.
I end my turn.
Your move.
(Melissa, on P. A.)
Hangin' on by a measly
200 life points,
Yugo'll be deep fried and
fricasseed in no time flat!
If he's gonna win, he's
gonna have to win this turn!
Here I go!
(both)
It's showtime!
For my first move,
I'm gonna bring the crowd
to its feet by activating
The special ability of Den‐Den
Daiko Duke from my graveyard!
Since I have less than
1,000 life points,
by banishing it, I can
summon a Turner Monster.
Duel fans, welcome back...
Speedroid Red‐Eyed Dice!
There's more!
I tune Red‐Eyed Dice with
Clear Wing Synchro Dragon
to pave the way...
for an even mightier dragon!
Watch as the essence of that
monster takes shape!
Watch as it is forged
by raw power!
(both)
I Synchro Summon!
Take flight, Crystal Wing
Synchro Dragon!
Attack!
You're attacking?
But why?
My Leo Dancer has
more attack points.
Oh, yeah, I'm well aware.
All right, Crystal Wing,
let's end this with some
razzle‐dazzle.
(roaring)
And watch as its special
ability activates!
It's taking center stage along
with Leo Dancer's attack points!
Seriously? 6,500?
'Fraid so.
Bye‐Bye!
Go, Crystal Cataclysmic
Strike!
(roaring)
Uugghh!
(Melissa, on P. A.)
Yeeeee‐haaaaw!
There you have it,
cowpokes and cow‐quettes!
Let's raise ourselves a
rip‐roarin' ruckus
for the winner of this here
dynamite duel! Yugo!
And this crowd is ecstatic
about it!
Really, who in their right
mind wouldn't be?
(crowd cheering)
(cheering continues)
(exhales)
That was great.
I wish I had always known
how fun dueling could be.
Thank you.
You're thanking me?
For beating you?
(both laughing)
Huh? Yuya?
What?
Nothing. Never mind.
Yugo?
Yeah?
(chuckles)
I wish you luck.
Huh? Thanks.
(Melissa, on, P. A.)
Oh, my! It just keeps
getting better!
Now these two duelists,
rivals on the road,
are forging a friendship
off of it.
Truly what the Friendship
Cup's all about!
Good luck in
your next duel.
(chuckles nervously)
Thanks, RinRin.
Uh, ha ha!
Actually, forget everything
I just said.
No, you're not Rin.
Even she doesn't
hit that hard.
Just keep your paws
off me, okay?
(thinking)
Yuya, you always said that
dueling's about having fun.
I think I'm starting to get
what you mean.
Huh?
Was I ... dueling?
I'll miss Celina, but...
(laughing)
I'm stoked for what's next!
(Yugo)
Though I gotta strange feeling
that what's next
may be happening sooner
than later.